Chairman (Elmar Brok): Mr "Président" Mélenchon.
JLM: Thank you.
Thank you dear Mr Chairman.
With all due respect dear Mr Brok, I disagree with your introduction completely.
I would like to thank Mr Pushkov for being here and reassure him that the European public opinion
is not as enthusiastic as some people in this room.
In France, my country, many are the political leaders - even the Prime Minister said it yesterday -
who think that the anti-Russian hysteria leads us Europeans nowhere.
No one will make war on Russia except lunatics,
and no one will intervene militarily amid nuclear power plants in Ukraine.
This idea is absurd, and we all know that it will not happen.
The exaggerations we just witnessed are a waste of time.
I personally don't think you are the agressors,
and the fact that not a word was said about the intervention of the USA in Ukraine
shows that there is a Cold War atmophere in this room that corresponds to nothing in the real world.
Anyway, they're just talking.
Last weekend, Angela Merkel and François Hollande met Vladimir Putin to discuss the agreement.
I would like to know what were the measures adopted by your Parliament
in order to guarantee that Russia fulfill the agreement that is apparently well advanced since last weekend.
Mr Brok, I would like to add that Europeans will always be grateful to Russia for liberating our countries during WWII.
No one will ever forget the 20 million Russians who died for our freedom.
Someone in the audience: Ukrainians died too!
(inaudible)
Chairman (Elmar Brok): Mr Mélenchon, the USA and England also took part in the liberation of France.
Those you just criticized were there and had a responsibility, don't forget that.
Let me remind you who was there during the Normandy Landings.
JLM: (inaudible)
Chairman: Your speaking time is over Mr Mélenchon.
JLM: Yours too then!